Miss Bai, you have resigned anyway
Why don't you come and do it with me?
Mrs. Zhou, you think too much.
If this news gets out
The vice wives have already stepped through the threshold
Where is our turn?
Ah!
Miss Bai, if you want to do it with me
I'll give you 50 million
Plus 10% of the shares, hahaha.
How dare you take out such a little money?
Supplement one million
Plus 20% of the shares
How have you been?
Two ladies
I'm a little tired
Okay, then we won't disturb your rest.
I have a car, I can take you back, I also have a car, and I want to take credit from me
My car is more expensive than yours, ladies.
I want to be alone
Then let's make an appointment next time.
Okay, next time, bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye.
Go away
How come?
He is just Tang Wanbao who relies on pets to survive
Two princes
Competing to pay a high price to hire him
Is it true?
Brother Providence
Oh, I see.
No wonder he's ugly
He lives under the same roof as you
It's all in the R & D era
He must have stolen a lot of company recipes and secrets over the years
Turns out my wife must owe him because of this
How dare he steal company secrets
I won't let him go.
Anyone with a longer brain would never say such a thing
There is no solution
Are you the only one who likes you? Have you long been in the tradition of Bai Fangyu?
You sold the company together
He approached investors privately
Destroy the investment and then leave
You want to kill me?
Then take all my property
Really poor
No wonder Gangbai always said that you have no brain?
Chen Tianyi, Imperial Sister Fang, is the world's top formulator
To support your cause
Working overtime every day to research new recipes
This has allowed the company to thrive
How about you eat his clothes and live his every day?
And take his money to feed this dead green tea
Just like you
The boss is not worthy of Sister Fang at all
Let me remind you again
No Bai Fangyu
You can't synthesize a new formula at all
In less than a day
All customers will cancel the cooperation.